setup RN 14.2.1 (#2315)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v14.2.1.md

Conversations with **Mia-Assistant** can now be exported also in **PDF format**, in addition to the traditional `.txt`.  
You only need to click on the format you prefer from the download button available on the top of the Mia-Assistant chatbot.  
This makes it easier to choose the better option to archive, share, and review your assistant interactions whenever you need.  

## Console

### Improvements

#### Improved visibility of production environments status  

We’ve enhanced the way production environment information is displayed on the new Projects list: the **status of your production environment** is now directly visible from the **Projects table**.  
This gives you an immediate overview of any issues or confirmations about the health of your production environments when looking at your Company's Projects.

## Fast Data

### Fast Data Services

#### Single View Trigger Generator

The new version `v3.5.0` of the _Single View Trigger Generator_ is available!

##### Fixed

- The service now correctly supports the `null` condition in ER-Schema. Previously, such condition, if present in the ER-Schema, would cause an error when loading a strategy.

> For more information check out the service [changelog](/runtime_suite/single-view-trigger-generator/changelog.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information check out the service [changelog](/runtime-components/plugins/single-view-trigger-generator/changelog.md).
```
